modules/schemadotorg_descriptions/README.md, before:

Table of contents
-----------------

* Introduction
* Features
* Configuration
* Todo


Introduction
------------

The **Schema.org Blueprints Descriptions module** sets entity type and field 
descriptions to their corresponding Schema.org type and property comments.


Features
--------

- Alters entity type and field edit forms to remove the default description and 
  update the help text to notify site builders that the entity type and field
  descriptions are automatically set.
- Sets Schema.org type descriptions as the explanation/submission guidelines.
  (For content types only)
- Sets entity type and field descriptions and help via configuration overrides.


Configuration
-------------

- Go to /admin/config/search/schemadotorg/settings/general
- Enter custom descriptions or suppress the default Schema.org type 
  and property descriptions.
- Enable/disable the trimming of Schema.org type and property descriptions.
- Enable/disable setting explanation or submission guidelines to the Schema.org 
  type descriptions.


Todo
----

- Determine how best to translate the default English Schema.org type
  and property descriptions.

Commit message:

Issue #3355976 by jrockowitz: Change title field label to match Schema.org label

modules/schemadotorg_descriptions/README.md, after:

Table of contents
-----------------

* Introduction
* Features
* Configuration
* Todo


Introduction
------------

The **Schema.org Blueprints Descriptions module** sets entity type and field 
descriptions to their corresponding Schema.org type and property comments.


Features
--------

- Alters entity type and field edit forms to remove the default description and 
  update the help text to notify site builders that the entity type and field
  descriptions are automatically set.
- Sets Schema.org type descriptions as the explanation/submission guidelines.
  (For content types only)
- Sets entity type and field descriptions and help via configuration overrides.
- Sets the node title field's description to the coresponding
  Schema.org property's comment.


Configuration
-------------

- Go to /admin/config/search/schemadotorg/settings/general
- Enter custom descriptions or suppress the default Schema.org type 
  and property descriptions.
- Enable/disable the trimming of Schema.org type and property descriptions.
- Enable/disable setting explanation or submission guidelines to the Schema.org 
  type descriptions.


Todo
----

- Determine how best to translate the default English Schema.org type
  and property descriptions.
