docs/NOTES.md, before:

Schema.org Blueprints
---------------------

# Todo

JSON-LD
- Test coverage

- Add hooks to schemadotorg_jsonld.module
  - schemadotorg_jsonld_entity_alter(&$data, EntityInterface $entity, SchemaDotOrgMapping $mapping)
  - schemadotorg_jsonld_field_item_alter(&$data, FieldItem $field_item, $property)

- How to format certain fields types, including telephone, units, etc?
- Determine how to handle recursion and nesting.
  - Add nesting levels to configuration.
- How do we handle formatted/processed body field value?
- How to share JSON-LD via decoupled architecture?
  - Dedicated endpoint
  - meta

Contributed module field support

Ongoing
- Determine the recommended types per entity type.
- Build out the default schema types properties.
- Review patterns and tests.

Code
- Improve \Drupal\schemadotorg\Entity\SchemaDotOrgMapping::calculateDependencies
  to support subtype.

# Backlog

Ajax
- Add Ajax to mapping form add field UI/UX
  - @see \Drupal\jsonapi_extras\Form\JsonapiResourceConfigForm

# Research

- https://www.drupal.org/docs/drupal-apis/entity-api/dynamicvirtual-field-values-using-computed-field-property-classes
- https://www.lullabot.com/articles/write-better-code-typed-entity
- https://www.drupal.org/project/yild
- https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Wikidata:Introduction
- https://iptc.org/

# Modules

## Recommended Core Modules

- [Email](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/email)
- [Datetime](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/datetime)
- [Link](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/liunk)
- [Media](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/media)
- [Media Library](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/media_library)
- [Telephone](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/telephone)

## Recommended Contribute Modules

### UI/UX

_The below modules improve the Schema.org Blueprints module's user experience._

- [Field Group](https://www.drupal.org/project/field_group)

### Field Collections

_The below modules provide different ways to create and manage a collection of fields._

- [Paragraphs](https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs)
- [Inline Entity Form](https://www.drupal.org/project/inline_entity_form)
- [FlexField](https://www.drupal.org/project/flexfield)

### Field Types

_The below modules provide more specific field types and behaviors._

- [Address](https://www.drupal.org/project/address)
- [Computed Field](https://www.drupal.org/project/computed_field)
- [Field Token Value](https://www.drupal.org/project/field_token_value)
- [Key value field](https://www.drupal.org/project/key_value_field)
- [Time Field](https://www.drupal.org/project/time_field)
- [Gender](https://www.drupal.org/project/gender)
- [Select (or other)](https://www.drupal.org/project/select_or_other)
- [Select Text Value](https://www.drupal.org/project/select_text_value)
- [SmartDate](https://www.drupal.org/project/smart_date)

# Roadmap

Pre-Alpha (Dev)
- Fix issue as the come up with or without issues or MRs.
- Define core dependencies.
- Implement core submodules.

Alpha
- Define baseline Schema.org types and properties
- Establish sub-modules and feature list
- Create hooks and APIs
- Ensure baseline test coverage
- Finalize core dependencies

Beta
- Find co-maintainers and sponsoring organizations
- Improve documentation with in-line help
- Finalize and document hooks and APIs
- Determine upgrade path between Schema.org versions
- Ensure regression test coverage

Stable
- Add Schema.org types and properties as needed
- Require tests coverage for all changes
- Provide additional enhancements via custom code or contrib modules

# Ideas

- Schema.org Blueprint Configuration module
  - Established the best practice of collecting configuration settings in a
    field type
  - Configuration field type is automatically included via APIs.
  - Configuration field data is simple key/values.
  - Configuration field data is not displayed on the page.
  - Add Configuration details to the entity edit form
  - Create a Schema.org type specific flexfield.
  - Label 'Custom configuration'
  - Can be preconfigured and altered as needed.

- Automatically generate corresponding View for Schema.org mapping (node and media)
  - Huge amount of work to understand the Views entity and APIs.
  - Each Schema.org type could be automatically added below the 'Content' item.
  - Maybe a default admin view could be setup and cloned
  - Fields
    - Label
    - Type
    - Subtype
    - Enumeration
    - Terms
    - Keywords
    - startDate
    - endDate

- Schema.org Blueprint Speakable module
  - https://schema.org/speakable
  - Unlimited text field which can be filled with CSS selectors
  - Adds 'Set speakable context link' to page.
  - Selector can be set via sidebar that highlights and tracks what is being
    clicked.
  - Algorithm determines the unique selector.
  - Sidebar has a Save button
  - JS blocks all click events
  - Speakable preview would pull the CSS selector text into a report/table

# Test coverage

- Improve \Drupal\Tests\schemadotorg_ui\Kernel\SchemaDotOrgUiApiTest
- Improve \Drupal\Tests\schemadotorg\Functional\SchemaDotOrgSettingsElementTest
- Create SchemaDotOrgUiMappingForm kernel test.
  - Check all functionality.
- JavaScript test coverage for UI and Report.

# TBD

What Schema.org types should we document?
- Thing
- Recipe
- Restaurant
- Logging business: Hotel
- Person
- LocalBusiness
- Physician
- Movie
- Blogpost
- CreativeWork: FAQ
- HowTo

- How do we handle sub-values (i.e. body.summary)?
  - Token field?

- How to handle translations for imported data?
  - Include descriptions added via the schemadotorg_descriptions.module

- How can we validate the generated JSON-LD?
  - Chrome extension and online

Commit message:

Review the JSON-LD module and start planning for alter hooks patterns.

docs/NOTES.md, after:

Schema.org Blueprints
---------------------

# Todo

JSON-LD
- Move all business logic in SchemaDotOrgJsonLdBuilder into small reusable
  and customizable alter hooks.
  - All that we are doing is massaging data types and associative arrays.
  - Schema.org JSON-LD module should be executed before all other alter hooks.
  - Move formatting dependencies out of the builder.
  - Maybe move formatters into *.inc files
    - MODULE.schemadotorg_jsonld.inc
  - Parameters
    - $property
    - FieldItemInterface $item
    - $options (processed, etc...)
    - $context ($entity, $mapping)
  - Allow field type, entity type, and data type options to be configured.
- Field types that will remain problems
  - Date range
  - Repeating events (SmartDates)
- Test coverage

Contributed module field support

Ongoing
- Determine the recommended types per entity type.
- Build out the default schema types properties.
- Review patterns and tests.

Code
- Improve \Drupal\schemadotorg\Entity\SchemaDotOrgMapping::calculateDependencies
  to support subtype.

# Backlog

Ajax
- Add Ajax to mapping form add field UI/UX
  - @see \Drupal\jsonapi_extras\Form\JsonapiResourceConfigForm

# Research

- https://www.drupal.org/docs/drupal-apis/entity-api/dynamicvirtual-field-values-using-computed-field-property-classes
- https://www.lullabot.com/articles/write-better-code-typed-entity
- https://www.drupal.org/project/yild
- https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Wikidata:Introduction
- https://iptc.org/

# Modules

## Recommended Core Modules

- [Email](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/email)
- [Datetime](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/datetime)
- [Link](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/liunk)
- [Media](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/media)
- [Media Library](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/media_library)
- [Telephone](https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/core/modules/telephone)

## Recommended Contribute Modules

### UI/UX

_The below modules improve the Schema.org Blueprints module's user experience._

- [Field Group](https://www.drupal.org/project/field_group)

### Field Collections

_The below modules provide different ways to create and manage a collection of fields._

- [Paragraphs](https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs)
- [Inline Entity Form](https://www.drupal.org/project/inline_entity_form)
- [FlexField](https://www.drupal.org/project/flexfield)

### Field Types

_The below modules provide more specific field types and behaviors._

- [Address](https://www.drupal.org/project/address)
- [Computed Field](https://www.drupal.org/project/computed_field)
- [Field Token Value](https://www.drupal.org/project/field_token_value)
- [Key value field](https://www.drupal.org/project/key_value_field)
- [Time Field](https://www.drupal.org/project/time_field)
- [Gender](https://www.drupal.org/project/gender)
- [Range](https://www.drupal.org/project/range)
- [Select (or other)](https://www.drupal.org/project/select_or_other)
- [Select Text Value](https://www.drupal.org/project/select_text_value)
- [SmartDate](https://www.drupal.org/project/smart_date)

# Roadmap

Pre-Alpha (Dev)
- Fix issue as the come up with or without issues or MRs.
- Plan for hooks.
- Define core dependencies.
- Implement core submodules.

Alpha
- Define baseline Schema.org types and properties
- Establish sub-modules and feature list
- Create hooks and APIs
- Ensure baseline test coverage
- Finalize core dependencies

Beta
- Find co-maintainers and sponsoring organizations
- Improve documentation with in-line help
- Finalize and document hooks and APIs
- Determine upgrade path between Schema.org versions
- Ensure regression test coverage

Stable
- Add Schema.org types and properties as needed
- Require tests coverage for all changes
- Provide additional enhancements via custom code or contrib modules

# Ideas

- Schema.org Blueprint Configuration module
  - Established the best practice of collecting configuration settings in a
    field type
  - Configuration field type is automatically included via APIs.
  - Configuration field data is simple key/values.
  - Configuration field data is not displayed on the page.
  - Add Configuration details to the entity edit form
  - Create a Schema.org type specific flexfield.
  - Label 'Custom configuration'
  - Can be preconfigured and altered as needed.

- Automatically generate corresponding View for Schema.org mapping (node and media)
  - Huge amount of work to understand the Views entity and APIs.
  - Each Schema.org type could be automatically added below the 'Content' item.
  - Maybe a default admin view could be setup and cloned
  - Fields
    - Label
    - Type
    - Subtype
    - Enumeration
    - Terms
    - Keywords
    - startDate
    - endDate

- Schema.org Blueprint Speakable module
  - https://schema.org/speakable
  - Unlimited text field which can be filled with CSS selectors
  - Adds 'Set speakable context link' to page.
  - Selector can be set via sidebar that highlights and tracks what is being
    clicked.
  - Algorithm determines the unique selector.
  - Sidebar has a Save button
  - JS blocks all click events
  - Speakable preview would pull the CSS selector text into a report/table

# Test coverage

- Improve \Drupal\Tests\schemadotorg_ui\Kernel\SchemaDotOrgUiApiTest
- Improve \Drupal\Tests\schemadotorg\Functional\SchemaDotOrgSettingsElementTest
- Create SchemaDotOrgUiMappingForm kernel test.
  - Check all functionality.
- JavaScript test coverage for UI and Report.

# TBD

What Schema.org types should we document?
- Thing
- Recipe
- Restaurant
- Logging business: Hotel
- Person
- LocalBusiness
- Physician
- Movie
- Blogpost
- CreativeWork: FAQ
- HowTo

- How do we handle sub-values (i.e. body.summary)?
  - Token field?

- How to handle translations for imported data?
  - Include descriptions added via the schemadotorg_descriptions.module

- How can we validate the generated JSON-LD?
  - Chrome extension and online

- Should we add a link to JSON-LD (jsonld) via the JSON:API meta information?
  - https://www.drupal.org/project/drupal/issues/3100732
